[Core] Fix the logger to handle exception deserializer (#467)
port-labs/ocean: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.5.8 (2024-03-27)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixed an issue when logging error in loguru (#1)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in loguru which fails to deserialize an exceptions (#1)
```
